Ernst & Young Associates LLP 
EY | Building a better working world
EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create 
long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust 
in the capital markets.
Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 
150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients 
grow, transform and operate.
Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and 
transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new 
answers for the complex issues facing our world today.
EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or 
more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, 
each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global 
Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide 
services to clients. Information about how EY collects and 
uses personal data and a description of the rights individuals 
have under data protection legislation are available via 
ey.com/privacy. EYG member firms do not practice law where 
prohibited by local laws. For more information about our 
organization, please visit ey.com.
Ernst & Young Associates LLP is one of the Indian client serving member firms of EYGM 
Limited. For more information about our organization, please visit  www.ey.com/en_in. 
Ernst & Young Associates LLP. is a Limited Liability  Partnership, registered under the 
Limited Liability  Partnership Act, 2008 in India, having its registered office at 22 Camac
Street, 3rd Floor, Block C, Kolkata – 700016
© 2021 Ernst & Young Associates LLP. Published in India. 
All Rights Reserved.
This publication contains information in summary form and is therefore intended for general 
guidance only. It is not intended to be a substitute  for detailed research or the exercise  of 
professional judgment. Neither EYGM Limited nor any other member of the global Ernst & 
Young organization can accept any responsibility  for loss occasioned to any person acting or 
refraining from action as a result of any material in this publication. On any specific matter, 
reference should be made to the appropriate advisor.